qm-destroy: add page (#9054)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/qm-destroy.md

# qm destroy

> > Destroy a virtual machine (VM) in QEMU/KVM Virtual Machine Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Destroy a virtual machine in QEMU/KVM Virtual Machine Manager.
```

> More information: <https://pve.proxmox.com/pve-docs/qm.1.html>.

> - Destroy a specific VM:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Destroy a specific virtual machine:
```

`qm destroy {{vm_id}}`

> - Destroy all disks with the same VMID that are not explicitly referenced in the configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Destroy all disks associated to a virtual machine that are not explicitly referenced in the configuration:
```

Reviewer: or
```suggestion
- Destroy all disks that are not explicitly referenced in a specific virtual machine's configuration:
```

`qm destroy {{vm_id}} --destroy-unreferenced-disks`

> - Remove VMID from all configurations such as backup & replication jobs:

Reviewer: What means `remove from configurations`?

Reviewer 2: Hi,
Agree that is confusing. That's how Proxmox is defining it on their [documentation](https://pve.proxmox.com/pve-docs/qm.1.html).
On their Support Forum a Proxmox Support Staff defined it by "it will also remove the VMID from backup jobs and so forth" ([link](https://forum.proxmox.com/threads/difference-between-destroy-purge-vm.100996/)).

Can I suggest: "Remove VMID from all locations (that includes inventory, backup jobs, HA...)"

`qm destroy {{vm_id}} --purge`

> - Ignore locks and force destroy - must be run as root:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Destroy a specific virtual machine ignoring locks and forcing destroy:
```

> `qm destroy {{vm_id}} --skiplock`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`sudo qm destroy {{vm_id}} --skiplock`
```
